Add secure delivery (#95)
uploadcare/uploadcare-ruby: README.md

More examples and options can be found [here](https://uploadcare.com/docs/transformations/document-conversion/#document-conversion)

## Secure delivery

You can use custom domain and CDN provider to deliver files with authenticated URLs (see [original documentation](https://uploadcare.com/docs/security/secure_delivery/)).

> To generate authenticated URL from the library, you should choose `Uploadcare::URLGenerators::AmakaiGenerator` or use your generator implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate authenticated URL from the library, you should choose `Uploadcare::URLGenerators::AmakaiGenerator` (or create your generator implementation):
```

More examples and options can be found [here](https://uploadcare.com/docs/transformations/document-conversion/#document-conversion)

## Secure delivery

> You can use your own custom domain and CDN provider for deliver files with authenticated URLs (see [original documentation](https://uploadcare.com/docs/security/secure_delivery/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use custom domain and CDN provider to deliver files with authenticated URLs (see [original documentation](https://uploadcare.com/docs/security/secure_delivery/)).
```

To generate authenticated URL from the library, you should do this:

> Choose Uploadcare::URLGenerators::AmakaiGenerator or your own generator implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose `Uploadcare::URLGenerators::AmakaiGenerator` or use your generator implementation:
```
